MIRO Developer Kit
Copyright (C) 2019 Consequential Robotics Ltd



*** SUMMARY TERMS ***

Herein, "The MDK" is taken to mean all materials that may be
supplied as part of or in association with the MIRO
Developer Kit (MDK) software package and the MIRO robot
itself, including all software installed on a MIRO robot at
the time of supply to the end user, and any additional
software (such as software updates) supplied to the end user
in connection with their use of the MIRO robot or the MDK
software package, as well as any other products and services
supplied to the user in association with their use of any of
the aforementioned products.

Use of "The MDK" is not permitted without agreement to the
terms herein. Any use of "The MDK", accordingly, indicates
your acceptance of these terms in full. For full licensing
information, you should consult the section "LICENSE"
(below), which specifies in detail the terms under which you
are supplied with "The MDK". The remainder of this section
is a general summary of these terms of use.

A set of third-party materials are supplied along with the
MDK in the directory "image/extern". These materials are
covered by separate licenses (including GPL, LGPL, MIT, BSD,
and Apache licenses) and export constraints. For full
details, you should review the licensing terms supplied in
that directory. This summary section may not accurately
represent the terms of use of these third-party materials.

Broadly, you are permitted to use "The MDK" within your
organisation for non-commercial use. You are not permitted
to distribute any part of "The MDK" nor to make use of any
part of "The MDK" in a commercial product, in general,
though exceptions to this constraint may be granted on
application. You idemnify Consequential Robotics, its
employees, as well as any agents acting on its behalf
against any liability for any harm or damage however caused
through the use of "The MDK".

The MIRO robot is a research tool designed solely for use in
professional establishments for the purposes of research and
development; it is not a finished consumer product.
Furthermore, it is not certified for sale as a consumer
product (for example, the MIRO robot does not carry European
CE marking which would indicate compliance with essential
Health & Safety regulations that apply in that
jurisdiction). Use of the MIRO robot may, therefore, pose
hazards that would not be expected during the use of
certified consumer equipment. Before any use of the MIRO
robot you should, accordingly, perform your own risk
assessment.



*** END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ***

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING
THIS SOFTWARE.

0. SCOPE

Herein, "The MDK" is taken to mean all materials that may be
supplied as part of or in association with the MIRO
Developer Kit (MDK) software package and the MIRO robot
itself, including all software installed on a MIRO robot at
the time of supply to the end user, and any additional
software (such as software updates) supplied to the end user
in connection with their use of the MIRO robot or the MDK
software package, as well as any other products and services
supplied to the user in association with their use of any of
the aforementioned products.

1. LICENSE

By receiving, opening, and/or using any part of "The MDK",
you agree that this End User User License Agreement (EULA)
is a legally binding and valid contract and agree to be
bound by it. You agree to abide by the intellectual property
laws and all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Unless you have a different license agreement signed by
Consequential Robotics your use of "The MDK" indicates your
acceptance of this license agreement and warranty.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Consequential
Robotics grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-
transferable license, without right to sub-license, to use
"The MDK" in accordance with this Agreement and any other
written agreement with Consequential Robotics. Consequential
Robotics does not transfer the title of "The MDK" to you;
the license granted to you is not a sale. This agreement is
a binding legal agreement between Consequential Robotics and
the purchasers or users of "The MDK".

If you do not agree to be bound by this agreement, remove
"The MDK" from your computer now and, if applicable,
promptly return to Consequential Robotics by mail any copies
of "The MDK" and related documentation and packaging in your
possession.

2. DISTRIBUTION

"The MDK" and the license herein granted shall not be
copied, shared, distributed, re-sold, offered for re-sale,
transferred or sub-licensed in whole or in part except that
you may make one copy for archive purposes only. For
information about redistribution of "The MDK" contact
Consequential Robotics.

3. USER AGREEMENT

3.1 Use

Your license to use "The MDK" is limited to the number of
licenses purchased by you. You shall not allow others to
use, copy or evaluate copies of "The MDK".

3.2 Status

The MIRO robot is a research tool designed solely for use in
professional establishments for the purposes of research and
development; it is not a finished consumer product.
Furthermore, it is not certified for sale as a consumer
product (for example, the MIRO robot does not carry European
CE marking which would indicate compliance with essential
Health & Safety regulations that apply in that
jurisdiction). Use of the MIRO robot may, therefore, pose
hazards that would not be expected during the use of
certified consumer equipment. Before any use of the MIRO
robot you should, accordingly, perform your own risk
assessment.

3.3 Use Restrictions

You shall use "The MDK" in compliance with all applicable
laws and not for any unlawful purpose. Without limiting the
foregoing, use, display or distribution of "The MDK"
together with material that is pornographic, racist, vulgar,
obscene, defamatory, libelous, abusive, promoting hatred,
discriminating or displaying prejudice based on religion,
ethnic heritage, race, sexual orientation or age is strictly
prohibited.

Each licensed copy of "The MDK" may be used on one single
computer location by one user. Use of "The MDK" means that
you have loaded, installed, or run "The MDK" on a computer
or similar device. If you install "The MDK" onto a multi-
user platform, server or network, each and every individual
user of "The MDK" must be licensed separately.

You may make one copy of "The MDK" for backup purposes,
providing you only have one copy installed on one computer
being used by one person. Other users may not use your copy
of "The MDK". The assignment, sublicense, networking, sale,
or distribution of copies of "The MDK" are strictly
forbidden without the prior written consent of Consequential
Robotics. It is a violation of this agreement to assign,
sell, share, loan, rent, lease, borrow, network or transfer
the use of "The MDK". If any person other than yourself uses
"The MDK" registered in your name, regardless of whether it
is at the same time or different times, then this agreement
is being violated and you are responsible for that
violation!

3.4 Copyright Restriction

This Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets
and other proprietary material. You shall not, and shall not
attempt to, modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or
decompile "The MDK". Nor can you create any derivative works
or other works that are based upon or derived from "The MDK"
in whole or in part.

Consequential Robotics's name, logo and graphics file that
represents "The MDK" shall not be used in any way to promote
products developed with "The MDK". Consequential Robotics
retains sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title and
interest in and to "The MDK" and all Intellectual Property
rights relating thereto.

Copyright law and international copyright treaty provisions
protect all parts of "The MDK", products and services. No
program, code, part, image, audio sample, or text may be
copied or used in any way by the user except as intended
within the bounds of the single user program. All rights not
expressly granted hereunder are reserved for Consequential
Robotics.

3.5 Limitation of Responsibility

You will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Consequential
Robotics, its employees, agents and distributors against any
and all claims, proceedings, demand and costs resulting from
or in any way connected with your use of Consequential
Robotics's Software.

In no event (including, without limitation, in the event of
negligence) will Consequential Robotics, its employees,
agents or distributors be liable for any consequential,
incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever
(including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits,
loss of use, business interruption, loss of information or
data, or pecuniary loss), in connection with or arising out
of or related to this Agreement, "The MDK" or the use or
inability to use "The MDK" or the furnishing, performance or
use of any other matters hereunder whether based upon
contract, tort or any other theory including negligence.

Consequential Robotics's entire liability, without
exception, is limited to the customers' reimbursement of the
purchase price of "The MDK" (maximum being the lesser of the
amount paid by you and the suggested retail price as listed
by Consequential Robotics ) in exchange for the return of
the product, all copies, registration papers and manuals,
and all materials that constitute a transfer of license from
the customer back to Consequential Robotics.

3.6 Warranties

Except as expressly stated in writing, Consequential
Robotics makes no representation or warranties in respect of
this Software and expressly excludes all other warranties,
expressed or implied, oral or written, including, without
limitation, any implied warranties of merchantable quality
or fitness for a particular purpose.

3.7 Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the United
Kingdom applicable therein. You hereby irrevocably attorn
and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
of United Kingdom therefrom. If any provision shall be
considered unlawful, void or otherwise unenforceable, then
that provision shall be deemed severable from this License
and not affect the validity and enforceability of any other
provisions.

3.8 Commercial Use

"The MDK" is not for commercial use: the use of "The MDK",
or any parts of "The MDK" (hardware or software), in a
commercial product is not permitted.

3.9 Termination

Any failure to comply with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement will result in automatic and immediate termination
of this license. Upon termination of this license granted
herein for any reason, you agree to immediately cease use of
"The MDK" and destroy all copies of "The MDK" supplied under
this Agreement. The financial obligations incurred by you
shall survive the expiration or termination of this license.

4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

THE MDK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
MDK OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE MDK.

5. CONSENT OF USE OF DATA

You agree that Consequential Robotics may collect and use
information gathered in any manner as part of the product
support services provided to you, if any, related to "The
MDK". Consequential Robotics may also use this information
to provide notices to you which may be of use or interest to
you.